# ZachBSDLC
# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
This course helped me to reinforce the idea that interpretting user needs can come in through feedback and system analysis. If we have people that are using our software or have an idea of some software they want created, they will have ideas that can most likely be translated to software. This is where user stories can come into play. The product owner of your development team can request additional feedback from customers to create a product vision. This vision allows the idea of features and user stories to come to life by giving the development team the perspective of the customer by creating requirements. After the team reviews the user story they can chop it up into tasks and provide incremental amounts of software to achieve the goal.

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Currently there are many different project management frameworks to choose from when developing software. For example Agile is one of these strategies. Agile allows for rapid product development based on customer centricity, and a strict meeting regimen. This meeting regimen allows for constant communication. The team is working towards a small goal so they can work together to make sure they deliver the full product increment and by communicating as often as you do it is easy to see how things are going. I currently use Scrum in my professional career, we are in a weird phase at work where my team is creating new features and doing production support. I would like to experiment with a Kanban or scrumban approach. We could then react and change priority if there was a major production issue a little easier than we can currently.

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
